Move AWS Authentication to How-To and Update Getting Started with Geodesic (#533)
cloudposse/docs: content/howto/updating-modules-for-terraform-14.md

## Updating Cloud Posse Terraform modules for Terraform 0.14

We have some tools you can use for updating our Terraform modules to support Terraform 0.14. This should work for any Terraform modules we have published that currently support Terraform 0.12 or later and contain a `context.tf` file.

- Check out/fork the current version of the Terraform module

- Create a `terraform-0.14-upgrade` branch and check it out: `git checkout -b terraform-0.14-upgrade`

- Run the update: `make tf14-upgrade`

- **Important**: Manually verify the changes to the Terraform code. The scripts are not foolproof.

> - *Optional:* Update any internal label modules to refer to version `0.22.0` of `cloudposse/label/null`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Optional:* Update any internal label modules to refer to version `0.24.1` of `cloudposse/label/null`
```
